Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[suspenseful music]
[graphic whooshes]
- [Chuck] And now our feature
presentation. [laughs]
[graphic whooshes]
[film reel ticking]
[suspenseful music]
- [Chuck] Wakey-wakey.
How's my princess today?
Looking real sweet.
What am I gonna do with you?
Should I shoot you?
Nah. that'd be too quick.
[Chuck laughs]
You belong to me bitch.
What does everyone want to see?
So young. so sexy.
Mmm. it's time to play again..
Is this what you wanna see?
I'm gonna choke the life
out of these little slut.
[graphic whooshes]
Hello. I'm Chuck.
And welcome to my
world of torture.
And this here is my
little friend Betsy.
And Betsy will be my bitch.
[Chuck laughing]
I am God. I do what I want
when I want to whoever I want.
[Chuck laughing]
I suppose you're
wondering why I do this.
I wasn't sexually
abused as a child.
I didn't kill small animals.
I wasn't the school reject.
In fact. I was cool.
I do this because
I love doing this.
I love to fuck these women.
I love beating these women.
And most importantly I
love killing these women.
[somber music]
- So do you know why
I called you in here?
- Nope.
- It's about that illegal
side business of yours.
- There's nothing illegal
about my business.
- Is that a fact?
- Why am I here?
- [Detective] Do you know her?
- She looks familiar.
- So you do know her.
- Yeah. maybe. sort of.
Why?
- How do you know her?
- She was probably
in one of my films.
- Your films?
- Not physically my films.
but legally my films.
- Are you talking
about your porn films?
- Not porn. snuff.
- So what's the difference?
- Snuff is a type of film genre
that. you know there's
little sex acts that happen.
maybe you know. maybe
a little torture.
And then they film somebody
getting killed at the end.
- Sir. I'm gonna have to
place you under arrest.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. for what?
Whaddya gonna place
me under arrest for?
- For murder.
- You can't place me
under arrest for murder!
I never killed anybody!
- Thanks so much for coming in.
- Of course. is there any news?
- We'll get to that.
I need you to answer a few
questions for me first.
- Yes. absolutely.
Shoot.
- Please tell me what
your relationship
is with the Sterling family.
- Well. as I told you before
Amanda's my girlfriend.
- Do you have any idea where
she might be at this time?
- No. and that is why I
called you guys first.
- What about the
rest of her family?
- Well. what about the
I mean I've been
over to their house
a few times for dinner but.
- Did you ever meet
Amanda's sister Karen?
- No. she's a. apparently
she was backpacking
around the country so no.
- Are you aware that they put
in a missing persons request?
- What?
No. I wasn't aware.
- Are you also aware that Vicky
and Ralph Sterling are missing?
- Does this have anything
to do with Amanda missing?
- What do you think?
- I don't know what to think.
- You don't find it weird
that an entire
family went missing?
- Of course. I find it weird.
but I just don't understand why.
- Do you know anyone
they may have threatened
or possibly owed money to?
- No.
Amanda didn't mention anything
aside from her sister
Karen going missing.
- Okay. I wanna know
everything about Amanda.
Tell me everything
about your trip.
- We left the city. we got on
the road about. about 4:00 pm.
[rock music]
♪ A hundred
- [Amanda] This weekend
is gonna be great.
- [Senica] Yeah. out
of this noisy city
to the beautiful north.
- [Amanda] You still haven't
told me where we're going.
- [Senica] Out to my family
cottage. it's like to die for.
- [Amanda] Nice.
I finally get to
meet your family.
- [Senica] Nope.
not this time. babe.
but I promise you
will soon though.
- [Amanda] I better.
you've met mine.
all except for Karen that is.
- [Senica] Well. I
hope I get to meet her.
- [Amanda] Me too.
I hope she's okay
wherever she is.
- [Senica] Stay positive. babe.
I mean you told me she's
always been like that anyway.
- [Amanda] I know. she's
just never disappeared
for this long before.
- [Senica] Well.
I'm sure she's fine.
- [Amanda] I hope so.
- [Senica] This is
your weekend away now.
time to have some fun. right?
- [Amanda] You know.
I've never been
anywhere outside of the city.
- [Senica] What?
That's crazy.
- [Amanda] So babe.
how much further is it?
- [Senica] It's
about another hour.
- [Amanda] So are
you gonna tell me?
- Tell you what?
- What this big surprise is.
♪ Jump down I turn
- No.
♪ Repeating
Because if I tell you
you're gonna be like.
oh. no. take me
home. take me back.
- No surprise can be that bad.
- That's what they all say.
- All?
How many girlfriends
have you brought
to this cottage. Senica?
- Just a few.
I have had other
girlfriends. you know.
- Yeah. I know.
- Let me tell you something.
none were as sexy as you though.
♪ When your eyes
are all bloodshot ♪
♪ Give it up this
time don't stop ♪
♪ Live it up this
♪ When you're sick and tired
of it when it's easy just to ♪
- I wish my sister
Karen was here.
She would really
love the scenery.
♪ This time don't stop
I miss her.
Oh. shoot. I gotta
call my mom. I forgot.
- Yeah. there's probably
no service here.
You can give her a call
once we get to the cottage.
I have a landline there.
- I'll try anyway. okay.
♪ Give it up this
time don't stop ♪
♪ Live it up this
[phone ringing]
Oh. I've got a signal.
♪ This time
♪ Make it happen
- [Mom] Hello.
- Hey. Mom. it's me.
- [Mom] Oh. hi. I was
just about to call you.
- What's up?
- [Mom] Your father and
I have been really sick
for the last couple of days.
- Really. with what?
- [Mom] Well. we've been
throwing up. dizzy spells.
oh. other gross things I
don't wanna talk about.
- The squirts. [laughs]
- [Mom] It's not funny.
- I'm sorry. Mom. I
don't mean to be rude.
- [Mom] I was just calling
to see how you were feeling.
- Yeah. I'm feeling fine.
♪ This time don't stop
- [Mom] Don't say
anything to Senica.
but I think that dinner
he made the other night.
- Really?.
- [Mom] Yeah.
Ah. don't. don't tell him.
- I don't think that's it. Mom.
Senica's an amazing cook.
- What's up?
- My parents are both sick.
- Oh. I cooked. I cooked
the meal well-done.
- She's not saying
it's the food.
- [Mom] I don't know.
maybe we're just allergic.
Ask him what kind
of beef it was.
- She's wants to know what kind
of beef and sauce you made.
- It was a rare cut. but the
sauce my grandmother made.
♪ Life is full of
The sauce is a
special family secret.
♪ Nice to see
If I told you I'd
have to kill you all.
[Senica laughing]
I'm just kidding.
- Mom. shit.
♪ See you. yeah
I've lost signal.
- That's okay. you can
give 'em a call back
once we get to
the cottage. okay.
♪ Light up the sky
- [Amanda] We should
stop and give her a ride.
- [Senica] Are you crazy?
What if she's like some
psycho killer or something?
- [Amanda] Senica. stop.
Pick her up.
- [Senica] Okay.
♪ Our dreams together
in the face of time ♪
- Who is the hitchhiker?
- Ah. sorry I
didn't get her name.
- We need to find her.
- Good luck.
- Senica. she's a valuable
witness to this case.
- Whoa. wait a minute.
Is there. is there something
you're not telling me?
- Please. no. just
continue your story.
- Thanks guys for picking me up.
- Oh. no problem.
- So was that your vehicle
we passed a few miles back?
- Yes. afraid so. boyfriend.
♪ I'd like to see you
- So where's your boyfriend?
- Sorry. I forgot to
mention ex-boyfriend.
- Oh. I see.
- So I guess he doesn't mind
you borrowing his
car now. does he?
[Tara laughs]
- I didn't really
mention it to him.
[Tara laughs]
Oh. speak of the devil.
- See he's missing you already.
- No. more like
he misses his car.
I caught him cheating and I
just picked up his car and left.
- Oh. dirty. what a scumbag.
- I know. no offense but
I've never met a faithful man
in my entire life.
- So this must be
your hotel here.
- Ah. yeah. yeah. that's it.
- Well. I hope everything
works out for you. girl.
- Everything will
work out. I'm fine.
I'll just call a
tow in the morning.
and tell my boyfriend
just to pick up
his stupid piece of shit.
Thanks. guys.
Bye.
- We dropped her off
at a nearby hotel.
- Idea of the name of the motel.
- No. I'm sorry. I was too
busy concentrating on driving.
The name's changed a few
times so I. I can't recall.
- Do you recall
what she looks like?
- Beautiful girl. long.
long straight hair.
her hair was dark.
Oh. and I also. I
also do remember her.
she was in an argument.
she was in a fight
with her boyfriend.
I specifically remember that.
- Okay. please continue.
♪ I'd like to see you yeah
[ominous music]
- I don't feel good
about dropping her off
in the middle of nowhere.
- She's a big girl. she
can take care of herself.
♪ Tired of reality
- You would never
cheat on me. would you?
- What?
Why would you ask that?
- I don't know.
♪ Time. time to regenerate
- Listen. I love you.
♪ Is enervated
- [Amanda] Do you?
- Of course I do. silly.
- You better. 'cause you're not
gonna find a better
girl than me.
- Oh. I know. I know.
♪ I hate all the
bullshit lines ♪
♪ I've heard them
all so many times ♪
♪ Help yourself
to a piece of me ♪
♪ Give it up. get angry
♪ Life's a bitch
so I've been told ♪
♪ So marry one
before you're old ♪
♪ Tired of reality
♪ Jaded hate it
what's in it for me ♪
what's in it for ♪
♪ What's with the world
♪ Filled up with such unrest
♪ So say I change
♪ And try to be my best
♪ Maybe drop it all
So I took her back
to the cottage.
everything was going as planned.
- What do you mean?
- I took her to the
cottage to propose to her.
- I see.
So you loved her.
- What you mean loved?
I love her.
- I'm sorry.
- I'm going to spend the
rest of my life with her.
- She's a beauty.
- Yes. she is.
- Please continue.
- So we entered the cottage.
open a bottle of wine.
we're gonna have a toast.
- Wow. look at this
view. it's beautiful.
It's so nice. babe.
- Amazing. right.
- Yeah.
I need to call Mom. I forgot.
- I'll get ya the phone.
- Thanks.
- I'll get us some drinks.
- Okay. great.
[light rock music]
- No answer.
- No.
♪ In the sky and I
Weird.
♪ Them too
I don't know.
- [Senica] Maybe they decided
to go get checked out after all.
- Yeah. they must have.
♪ Coming to me. coming
to me in the night ♪
- Come sit down.
- Okay.
♪ Is think about you
♪ I think I'm losing my mind
This looks like good wine.
♪ I'm on the road
- Cheers.
♪ Sadness
♪ And I need someone
- Wait a minute
♪ To save me from
this reckless life ♪
- What's wrong?
♪ I'm on the
- [Senica] Don't move.
- Okay.
- Hold on a minute.
- Okay. I'll be right here.
- [Senica] Close your eyes.
- Okay.
- No peeking.
No peeking.
♪ And oh. you looked so good
♪ You're the woman that I need
No looking.
♪ I just wish you understood
Amanda Sterling.
- Oh. my God.
- [Senica] I love you.
- I love you too. babe.
- Can I ask you something?
- Oh. my God.
- Will you marry me?
- Yes.
Oh. wow. it's beautiful.
♪ Do you think that you
Oh. babe.
♪ Save me
Oh.
Did you forget my size?
- I thought that
was the right size.
I'm sorry.
- We'll get it resized.
- Yes. absolutely.
- Put it on my pinkie.
- Okay.
♪ We could have had
love. you and me ♪
♪ But now there's
only pain and misery ♪
Obviously we made love.
- And?
- And nothing.
We went to sleep after.
it was a long day.
- And that's when
she went missing?
- Yes.
- You didn't hear anything?
- No.
I woke up in the morning
and she was gone.
I searched the cottage. went
down to the lake. nothing.
- This doesn't make
any sense to me.
Why didn't you call
the police right away?
- Because her purse
and her clothes.
everything was right there.
Why do I get the feeling
that I'm a suspect?
- What would you
be a suspect for?
- I'm the one who called
you guys in the first place.
Please just find her.
- We're doing everything we can
to find Amanda and her family.
[suspenseful music]
- Wake up. bitch.
- What are you doing?
- What I should of
done a long time ago.
- [Chuck] Wake up little girl.
Hello. Goldilocks
Welcome to my world.
Smile for all the fans.
He was right. you are sweet.
No need to get upset.
- Leave me alone.
Senica!
- Senica.
- Senica. help me!
- [Chuck] Senica. Senica.
[Chuck laughs]
You can scream as
much as you like.
- [Amanda] No!
- [Chuck] There is no Senica.
I killed that little bitch.
- You're a liar.
- [Chuck] Afraid not.
He squealed like a pig.
- [Amanda] No. no. no.
- [Chuck] Now are you
ready to put on a show?
Do you fans think she's
ready to put on show?
Are you ready?
I think she's fucking ready.
[Amanda crying]
Oh. yeah. shut the fuck up.
She's a little rusty. but
she gets the job done.
[chainsaw buzzing]
[Amanda screaming]
Shut the fuck up
or I will cut you!
But not yet.
We're gonna have some fun first.
- Don't touch me.
- No!
- [Chuck] Don't touch me.
Wah!
Now what do you
wanna do first. huh?
[Amanda screaming]
Look at these.
- No.
- Aren't they nice.
- No!
- I like these.
You look like Barbie doll.
- [Amanda] No!
- [Chuck] And I'm your Ken.
[indistinct].
Don't you fuckin' move.
I mean it whore.
don't fuckin' move.
Be calm. while I fix this strap.
You know this is the gun
that killed your
wannabe hero Senica.
- [Amanda] You're a liar.
- [Chuck] Afraid not.
blew his brains out.
- You're sick.
- [Chuck] Is that a fact?
You haven't seen nothing yet.
- [Amanda] Leave me alone.
- [Chuck] You belong to me now.
[Amanda crying]
Do you understand?
[Amanda screams]
[Chuck grunting]
I really hope you like it rough.
- No!
- [Chuck] Because I'm
gonna get it over.
over. and over again.
- No!
- [Chuck] And what
do we have down here?
- No!
No!
- [Chuck] [indistinct].
Come on the world is watching.
[Amanda crying]
[Chuck moaning]
I hope that was as good
for you as it was for me.
Don't you worry. Amanda.
you're too sweet to kill yet.
Thanks for being a good sport.
- No.
- [Chuck] What should we do now?
Come on. what should we do?
I think the fans wanna
see me choke you.
Is that what you want fans?
- No thanks.
[Chuck laughs]
You sick fuck!
- [Chuck] All right.
bitch. you like that.
[Chuck yells]
I can't kill you yet.
- No!
Please.
- [Chuck] These tits
are just so sweet.
This is Chainsaw Chuck
and my new squeeze Amanda
about to sign off.
- Help me!
[Chuck crying]
Please.
Help!
No.
Help.
Oh my God. oh my God.
- [Chuck] It's
time for me to go.
Let's do this up for you.
I would hate for you
to get in trouble.
[Amanda crying]
Make sure you get some rest.
- No. no.
- [Chuck] I got things
to do. and people to see.
What's the matter?
I'll be back a little
later for more.
You stay classy. girl. [laughs]
Until later my love. ta-ta.
[Amanda crying]
- Yes.
- That's the wrong
fuckin' answer!
[light rock music]
♪ I see distant stars
- Hey. cowboy.
♪ The sky and I wonder
You headed to the city?
Just put my stuff in the back.
♪ In the sky just like
the story of you and I ♪
♪ I hear your voice coming to
me. coming to me in the night ♪
♪ And all I do is
think about you ♪
♪ I think I'm losing my mind
Paying attention.
♪ I'm the road to sadness
This is where it starts.
[screen whooshes]
♪ And I need someone
Are you coming in?
♪ I'm on the road to
Come on.
Come in.
Things aren't
always as they seem.
♪ Save me from this
reckless life ♪
- [Man] She paid me with her
friend's child last week.
- Who are you?
- A friend.
- Please you gotta help me.
- I can't.
- Why?
- Where would you go?
- [Amanda] The police.
- I wanted to do that too.
- We can do it together.
- That's impossible for me now.
- Just untie me. please.
- I don't know what
good that will do.
- Why?
- There's no getting away.
- What's the matter with you?
- They did it to me.
they tortured me.
[screen whooshes]
- [Chuck] Hello. my
little Pocahontas.
How are you today?
Ah. the silent treatment.
Oh. I know how to fix that.
You filthy little skank.
My fans expect more.
More fear.
Why aren't you scared?
I think it's time to play again.
Shh. I'm gonna cut your.
Oh. still nothing.
[Chuck yells]
Well. if I can't scare you then
I'll just have to fuck you.
How does that feel my
little cum dumpster?
[Chuck grunting]
[Chuck laughs]
- So help me get out of here.
- I would if I could.
- I wanna go home. I
wanna see my family.
- I'm afraid that's impossible.
Your family is dead.
- What?
- It's just how this works.
- How what works?
- They kill families.
they videotape it.
- Why?
- The dark web.
- I don't know what
you're talking about.
- You are a story.
- A story?
- Yes. just like I was a story.
Now I'm stuck here.
- We're never stuck. just
come untie me. please.
- You don't understand.
- Sure I do.
- I have to go.
- Please.
- [Kimmy] They cannot
know I was here.
- [Amanda] I won't
tell the police.
- [Chuck] Who the fuck
is she talking to?
Time to get in the mode.
Come on. let's do this. come on.
Who the fuck was she
talking to in there?
Whoever it is.
they're fuckin' dead.
Let's do this.
Who were you just
talking to a minute ago?
Tell me who.
- No one.
- [Chuck] I don't believe you.
- Please.
- So you're just going crazy.
- [Amanda] Please.
- [Chuck] Well. it's
time to play again.
It's time to make
all my fans happy.
[Amanda crying]
- What are you doing?
No.
- [Chuck] Should I shoot her?
Nah.
I have too much
more fun planned.
- [Amanda] Don't touch me.
[woman screaming]
- [Chuck] Watch the screen.
Looking comfy. [laughs]
[Senica groaning]
Look at your bitch
boyfriend now. [laughs]
Hey. there big boy.
smile into the camera.
[Senica groaning]
Here. let me take this off.
- What the fuck?
What do you want with me?
- [Chuck] It's not
you who I want.
This isn't about you.
- What the fuck?
- We're making a little video
for your beautiful Amanda.
- What are are doing?
What do you want with me?
- [Chuck] What I need
you to do is stay calm.
I need you to look
into that camera
and tell Amanda to do
everything I tell her to do.
- Get this fuckin' off!
- [Chuck] I said stay calm.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
- [Chuck] Look into the
camera and tell her.
- Hold on a minute.
just a minute.
Okay. hold on here.
What do you want with me?
- [Chuck] Keep watching
it gets so much better.
- [Senica] Wait.
wait. please. hold on.
- [Chuck] It's time
to nut up or shut up.
- Just wait a minute. wait.
Let me just. wait.
- [Chuck] Do I look
like I'm fucking around?
- Okay. okay.
- Tell her.
- Slow down-
- Now.
- A little bit. okay.
Just slow down. just slow
down a little bit okay.
- [Chuck] Amanda. this
is for you my love.
- Hold on. just wait.
Babe. whatever this guy wants
just fucking do
whatever he wants.
You'll get away from...
[Senica groaning]
- [Chuck] I love that sound.
Well. what did you
think Amanda? [laughs]
Don't you dare ruin this moment.
Don't say a fucking word.
You belong to me.
- Don't touch me.
don't touch me.
No!
- [Chuck] I'm gonna
touch whatever I want to.
and there's nothing you
can do or say about it.
- Don't touch me.
- Ah.
- Please leave me alone.
- [Chuck] You are so pretty.
How does that feel?
Good. huh?
You fans our so lucky
to have our little
Amanda as your star.
So what are we
gonna do this time?
What do you want?
- I don't want anything!
I want you to let me go.
[Chuck laughing]
Please.
- [Chuck] Do you fans wanna
see me fuck her again?
[Chuck laughs]
That's pretty funny.
- No. no. please.
Leave me alone.
- [Chuck] Why would
I leave you alone?
- You're sick.
- We're just starting
to get to know each other.
- So sick.
- [Chuck] She thinks
I'm sick. [laughs]
Let me tell you
dear. I'm not sick.
- I wanna go home.
- [Chuck] Oh. wah. I wanna
go home. I wanna go home.
You are fucking home.
Isn't she?
Well. come on. help her out.
Amanda. there's one
other place you're going.
to the grave.
Can you breathe?
I didn't think so.
What do you fans
really wanna see?
- Help me. please!
- [Chuck] Help. help
me. help. I'm gonna die.
You can scream as
loud as you like
only the fans can hear you.
What a rush.
- She's definitely a keeper.
You smell so nice.
I love you. I love
you long time.
Where have you been all my life?
- Get off me you
fucking sick monster!
[Chuck laughing]
[Amanda crying]
- [Chuck] Shh.
You get some rest.
'cause next time I come in here
we're gonna play real hard.
Goodbye. my love.
You are so pretty.
[Amanda crying]
♪ I saw you yesterday. my love
♪ And oh. you looked so good
♪ You're the
- What are looking at?
♪ That I need
♪ I just wish you understood
♪ I'm on the road to sadness
Amanda. this is how it ends.
[screen whooshes]
♪ I'm on the road to sadness
♪ Do you think that
you could save me ♪
♪ We could have had
love. you and me ♪
♪ But now there's
only pain and misery ♪
Amanda.
Wake up.
[light dramatic music]
- Amanda. wake up.
- Does she know yet?
- Why don't you two help me?
- I already told you.
we can't help you.
We couldn't even help ourselves.
- All three of us
can get out of here.
There's only one of them.
- There's more than one.
- There is?
- Yes.
- Who?
- You'll find out in time.
- Wait. come back.
Help me!
[suspenseful music]
- [Chuck] Hello. Amanda.
- Let me go.
- [Chuck] No. I don't think so.
The fans would be so
upset if I let you go.
So I need to plan your exit.
but first let's play
a different game.
Ah. you smell a little funky.
I kind of like
that. turns me on.
I think it's time
to go handheld.
Lights. camera. action.
Look at you.
aren't you gonna be just
the next Marilyn Monroe.
Ah. ah. ah.
So camera friendly.
Look at the camera.
- Stay away from me.
I don't want to.
- [Chuck] I don't
care what you want.
You do what I tell you.
Now look at the camera.
I must say it's gonna be
hard to say goodbye to these.
But there comes a time when
all good things come to an end.
And to be honest I'm looking
forward to my next little girl.
She's a redhead.
But I'll never
forget you. Amanda.
You're at the top of my list.
The way you look. the way you
smell. they way you scream.
Hello. everyone.
Smile for all the fans.
How's it going out there?
I feel like the
show is almost over.
- No. no!
[Amanda crying]
Get off me you sick fuck.
[Chuck laughs]
Get off me.
[Amanda crying]
- [Chuck] What do
you think fans?
Is it Amanda's time?
Oh. you think she's
sweet as well.
- [Amanda] No.
- [Chuck] Oh. my
God. I love you.
- No. please.
- [Chuck] You are my favorite.
- No.
No.
Please don't.
[Amanda crying]
Get away from me!
- [Chuck] I would just
like to take the time
to thank the academy. and
the fans for the support.
It has been the sweetest ride.
And I feel blessed that I
could entertain all of you.
I love you all.
- Please. Chuck.
- [Chuck] And I'd also
like to thank you. Amanda.
Thank you for being the
best that you could be.
Without you there is no me.
You've been a great star.
Senica would be so
proud. wouldn't he?
[Chuck laughs]
She still hasn't gotten over-
No!
- [Chuck] The fact
that her lover is gone.
- Leave me alone.
- [Chuck] But trust me when
I say you'll see him soon.
- Get off me. please.
[light dramatic music]
[woman moaning]
- You like that?
- Yeah.
- You are free.
- Thank you.
I gotta get out of here.
- How did you do that?
- Do what?
[TV blaring in background]
I'll be back for you.
[light suspenseful music]
Oh my. God.
This is that burnt
down hotel we passed.
I'm not far from the cottage.
Fuck. Jesus. that hurt.
Okay. stay strong.
get your ass up.
Figure out where you
are gonna get help.
Karen. if you are out
there please guide me.
Keep me safe.
Okay. stay alert. he
could be anywhere.
Okay. there's the road.
that's your safety net.
Now run. let's run.
Now let's flag down a car.
Then we'll catch a ride
to the police station.
Come on.
Unfucking believable.
Fucking asshole.
Okay. just keep walking.
someone is bound to stop.
I think I remember this.
The cottage is this way.
Since none of these fucking
assholes will pick me up.
new plan to get to the cottage.
I'm so fucking
thirsty and tired.
What if I'm pregnant?
What if I have disease?
What the fuck am I gonna do?
Finally I'm here.
Senica.
Time to get out
of these clothes.
[ominous music]
Okay. call the police. then
try to remember everything.
- [Operator] 911.
what's your emergency?
- Yes. I need help.
they're tying to kill me.
- [Operator] Hello.
- It's 1022 Beach Road.
- Is anyone there?
- Please.
Can you hear me?
- [Operator] If you're
unable to answer.
please leave your phone
on. we'll track your phone.
- [Amanda] I'm so tired.
[light rock music]
What the fuck is going on?
I just changed out of these.
- It was fate that we met.
- I know right.
♪ And I wonder if you
- [Tara] I love you.
- [Senica] I love you.
♪ There so far away in the sky
♪ Just like the
story of you and I ♪
♪ I hear your voice
coming to me ♪
I will be right there.
♪ In the night
♪ And all I do is
think about you ♪
♪ I think I'm losing my mind
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
♪ And I need someone to save
me from this reckless life ♪
♪ I'm on the road to sadness
- You never told me what
happened to your ex.
- Ah. I don't wanna
talk about that.
- Yeah.
- That's not
why I brought you here.
- Who the fuck is this bitch?
Hello.
Why can't they see me?
♪ That I need
♪ I just wish you understood
How long have I been gone?
♪ I'm on the road
Can you not hear me?
Hello.
Wait a minute. am I dead?
- Stay right there.
- [Amanda] No. no.
no. I can't be dead.
I still feel pain.
anger. and heartbreak.
Wait a minute. I remember this.
- [Senica] Tara.
- [Amanda] This is my life.
Don't you fucking kiss her.
- I love you.
- You know I love you too.
- [Amanda] Senica. you
fucking piece of shit.
I disappear and
you move right on.
You don't waste any time do you.
- [Senica] I wanna
ask you something.
- [Amanda] What are doing?
- What are you doing?
- [Senica] Will you marry me?
♪ You and me
♪ But now there's only pain
- Yes. yes.
- [Amanda] Oh. my God.
He's doing the same
thing he did to me.
The exact same way.
- [Senica] You like it?
- It's absolutely beautiful.
- [Amanda] Fuck. he's in on it.
But why?
Why is he doing this?
- Thank you.
- You're so welcome.
- [Amanda] How do I stop this?
There's gotta be a way.
- I love you too.
- You are going to be
the best wife ever.
- What the hell
is going on here?
Hello.
♪ I'm the road
This isn't happening.
♪ And I need
- I got a surprise for you.
- [Senica] Oh yeah.
- Yeah. why don't you
meet me in the bedroom.
- Okay.
♪ To sadness
♪ Do you think that
you could save me ♪
♪ From this reckless life
- I'm not gonna let you
get away this again.
- I'm just so tired baby.
- Just go to sleep
baby. just go to sleep.
[birds chirping]
[suspenseful music]
- [Chuck] Rise and shine.
How's my little jigga
booty this morning?
[Tara screaming]
Now listen here. let me
explain to you how this works.
Over there's a camera.
that's where all the fans
get to watch me torture you.
By torture I mean make
you my little bitch.
Shh. it's okay.
The rules are simple. you do
what I want wherever I went.
and whenever I want you to.
Aren't you sexy.
I bet you're still a virgin.
My own pretty little girl.
Oh. you like that don't you.
I know that you do.
I will set down
Betsy right here.
Don't get any ideas.
Now we can play a little.
What should we do?
Wait. Betsy's lonely.
I know you would love to
get your hands on her.
but that's never gonna happen.
[Tara screaming]
Lookie what we have here.
It's my new toy.
Do you like it?
Don't worry it won't hurt.
See. I do it to myself.
[Tara screaming]
It's not so bad. is it?
She has sexy legs. doesn't she?
I love the sound of fear.
Come on scream more.
[Tara crying]
[Tara screaming]
You have one tight
ass slick body.
Mmm.
And look at these perfect feet.
I bet the fans never knew
that I have a bit
of a foot fetish.
[Tara crying]
[Tara screaming]
Oh. yeah.
[Chuck laughs]
Shh. [laughs]
You belong to me.
Let's put this away
and have some real fun.
Now what should we do?
What do you wanna do?
I've never had chocolate
cream pie before.
I bet it's yummy.
How about a hug?
You know I kinda
prefer big tits.
[Tara screams]
But these tiny ones
will have to do.
What do you guys
wanna see today?
[Tara coughing]
I think this bitch
likes to be choked.
[Tara screams]
[Tara crying]
So pretty.
I can almost smell
her clam getting wet.
You're lucky I'm gonna
have my way with you.
Oh. yeah. that's what
I'm talking about.
I am your God.
Do you understand?
I hold all the power.
I can kill you anytime I want.
You understand that. right?
How should I kill
this nigger now?
I think I should.
She's definitely not gonna
be fun as Amanda was.
Know what?
How does Betsy feel bitch?
Do you like that?
Oh. yeah. this sweet
smell of chocolate cream.
Shut up.
I told you you're
mine to play with.
[Tara screams]
Yes.
Should I put this
gun in your mouth?
Fuck that little mouth.
[Chuck laughing]
[light dramatic music]
- You sick fuckin' bastard.
How could you do this to me?
- It's all about money.
- So are you gonna
tell me who you are?
- Just a stupid girl that fell
in love with the wrong man.
- [Amanda] And what about you?
- I was just her cleaning lady.
♪ Silent night
- Oh. you got my favorite.
Oh. thanks. babe.
Hey. Kimmy. you wanna
pop this for me?
I'll grab the glasses.
Babe. what a nice surprise.
You're so sweet.
This is will be
the perfect touch.
We've been working
hard all afternoon.
♪ Heavenly hosts sing
- Okay.
Thank you.
- Hey.
Yeah. I'm gonna go follow him.
♪ Savior is born
♪ Christ the Savior is born
♪ Silent night
♪ Holy night
♪ Son of God love's pure light
♪ Radiant beams
from thy holy face ♪
♪ With the dawn of
redeeming grace ♪
[light dramatic music]
[screen whooshes]
Pretty sick. isn't it?
- Yeah. it is fucking sick.
- Yeah. it is.
- Why are you doing this to me?
[screen whooshes]
- He can't hear you.
- Who are you?
- I'm the first
of a long list.
- First what?
- The first to be
murdered on this property.
- Can we stop this?
- No.
- We have to try.
- There is no point.
- You're dead. honey.
- I don't believe you.
- What the screen.
[static hissing]
- [Amanda] No. no.
- [Chuck] Whatcha wanna do?
- How can I be here and
there at the same time?
- Please.
- There's no way to escape.
- [Amanda] No.
[Chuck grunting]
- [Chuck] I'm keeping you here
for a very long
time my sweetheart.
- No.
[Amanda crying]
[Chuck grunting]
- [Chuck] I can't wait
to the world sees you.
- Please no.
Why are you taking
your mask off?
I can't see you.
Please. please.
- Open your eyes.
- No!
[Amanda crying]
You just looked at me.
[Chuck grunting]
Don't you die.
you're not done yet.
[Amanda coughing]
Come on.
This is it.
[Chuck grunting]
All right. time
to say goodnight.
- Bravo. bravo. bravo. bravo.
Oh. my God.
The way you played that part.
oh. I know when I first met you
I knew you were gonna be a star.
You were so amazing.
Oh my God. yes.
The way you played every role.
The way that you moved.
Oh. my God. I knew that
you were gonna be amazing.
I just knew it. I knew it.
Thank you. thank you.
Wow.
Oh. when I first met you
I knew that you were
gonna be a star.
Very good.
Oh. oh. I'm gonna
miss those lips.
I'm gonna miss those lips.
Do you love me?
Yeah.
Oh. 'cause I love you.
I do.
But it is what it is.
and we have to part our ways.
I hope you understand.
Yes. yeah.
Oh. good.
We have to part our ways now.
Okay. we have to get
rid of the evidence.
And you did amazing.
amazing. amazing.
Oh. don't worry. you're not
gonna feel this one bit.
[chainsaw buzzing]
Can't get your
blood all over me.
Huh?
I can't hear you.
babe. speak up.
The chainsaw is too loud.
I know I love you too.
What do you think?
You like this?
Hold on. I'm almost done.
Ta-dah!
Hold on.
[chainsaw buzzing]
[ominous music]
Come on. baby. coast is clear.
Oh. you're gonna love this area.
It's so beautiful.
Come on.
Come on. there we go.
We're almost there.
we're almost there.
You got so many friends
to keep you company.
Ah. you're never
gonna wanna leave.
Here we go.
Look at this.
Don't you love it?
Got you right by the tree.
I knew you would love it.
Okay. let's lay you down.
Come on.
[screen whooshes]
- Karen.
Oh. my God.
I missed you so much.
How are you here?
- [Chuck] Hello. fans.
I would like you to meet Karen.
Isn't she a beauty.
So Karen. hope you don't mind
if I give myself a cheap feel.
I know what you're
thinking. they must be fake.
No. they're real.
This girl is special.
And she smells nice too.
Hey. what's the matter. Karen?
Do you like to be choked?
I have little nice
surprises in store for you.
[Chuck laughs]
- Did he do that to you too?
- Come with me. come with me.
- I want to. I can't.
But I have to save that girl.
Can you not hear her?
She's screaming.
- I want you to come with me.
- I wanna come with
you too. and I will.
Can you wait for me?
Please.
I love you.
- Okay. just let me know if
this dirt is bothering you.
All right. I almost got
you all covered up here.
[suspenseful music]
- [Tara] Get off me!
- [Chuck] You smell real nice.
[indistinct].
[Tara screaming]
What's next my little slut?
[Chuck laughs]
[Tara screaming]
So feisty.
I love it.
Are you ready for it?
I know the fans are. and I am.
[Chuck laughs]
[Tara crying]
This here is all yours.
Oh. you're so tight.
There it is.
[Tara crying]
[Chuck grunting]
[phone ringing]
- Hello.
- Yeah. hello. Brad.
- So how's production coming?
- No. great.
Actually I was just
reviewing the tape.
it's coming along nicely.
- These snuff films are selling
like hot cakes on the dark web.
- Yeah.
- I don't where you find these
girls but keep 'em coming.
They're so much better
than porn stars.
- Yeah. I know. right.
Definitely unique.
- I'll say.
So when can I grab
the newest one?
- You can come by today.
I have one ready for you.
and in a couple of weeks
I'll have another
one ready for you.
- Is it possible you
could drop it off to me?
- Yeah. sounds good.
- All right. cool. thanks.
- I better get back at her.
Finish this next one off here.
Okay. we'll see you soon.
Bye.
[rock music]
♪ First you sell your soul
♪ Then you sell your flesh
♪ Then you just
give away the rest ♪
♪ You kill to pay the toll
♪ Hide those bodies fresh
♪ Frame your best friend
to pass the test ♪
♪ That's how you make
a living in a living ♪
Hey. buddy. what's up?
- Same old. same old. brother.
the smell of pussy in the air.
I love my job.
♪ That's how you make a living
- I'm sure you do.
- You are gonna love this one.
- Oh. yeah.
- West Coast girl.
banging ass body.
- The word?
- Stage name Candy.
real name Candice Bell.
- Okay. boyfriend?
- No.
Family lives out of state.
She told me she ran away to
Hollywood when she was 15.
- To become a star I suppose.
- Yep. but she ended up in porn.
- Porn. kinky already.
Perfect.
♪ That's how
As per.
♪ In a living hell
- Tonight is her last night
at this club as requested.
- You know how it is. right?
I don't wanna get
caught. wife. you know.
- Oh. yeah. I get ya. bro.
VIP as always.
♪ First you sell your soul
Hey sweet ass. come here.
- What's up?
- Do you wanna make
some extra cash tonight?
- How so?
- Well. I've got a regular.
and he loves beautiful women.
- Don't they all?
- Nah. but this guy is special.
- Hmm. I'm listening.
- He's married. never
wants to get caught.
so I send girls to him.
- Where?
- At a hotel of his liking.
- Hold on. I'm not a
prostitute. I'm a dancer.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. I get ya.
All he wants to do you
is videotape you dancing.
- Is he creepy?
- No. he always pay
and he tips well.
I know it's been a
slow week for ya.
- Totally.
- I will tell you what.
you give him a VIP.
and then you tell me
what you think. huh.
- What's in it for you?
- My standard fee is 25%.
♪ A living hell
Okay. now get to work.
♪ Life's a bitch so I've been
- Damn. girl. you
got it going on.
♪ Tired of reality
- You know.
- You're sexy.
- So where are you
taking me tomorrow?
♪ I need the time
- My motel.
- Sounds fun.
What games are we gonna play?
- I'll play any game.
what do you wanna play?
- Any game you want.
♪ It's contagious
and so outrageous ♪
♪ I hate all
- I like that.
- How much are you
willing to spend on me?
- How much am I gonna spend?
Whatever it takes.
baby. whatever it takes.
♪ Tired of reality
♪ Jaded
Bring your fine ass over
here and sit on Daddy lap.
♪ Jaded hate it what's in
- That's what I like to hear.
♪ What's with the world
♪ Filled up with
such unrest. so ♪
[dramatic music]
- Why do you think
this girls dead?
She probably done 10 or
20 of these films already.
She's an actress.
- She won't be
doing anymore films.
They matched her dental records.
- That's terrible.
- It is. isn't it?
You better start explaining
this process to me.
- Look. it's very simple.
I purchase content
from filmmakers.
- And you never have
any contact with them?
- No.
- And who makes these films?
- I deal with filmmakers from
all over the world every week.
- Do you have a list of names?
- No.
- Come on you have
to help me out here.
- Look. most content is
uploaded over the net.
and I pay with wires.
- So you never meet them?
- On rare occasions.
- So no DVDs?
- Sometimes.
- So do you have
any physical copies?
- Yes.
- Well. I'll be
confiscating all of them.
- Okay.
- And we'll be shutting
your website down.
- You can't do that!
- Oh. we can. and we will.
All of your videos are
now under investigation.
All DVDs will be dusted for
prints.
[suspenseful music]
- [Chuck] How's my
new found love today?
This is how you're
gonna die. [laughs]
[Tara crying]
Just kidding. I'm not
done with you yet.
Come on. head up. this
will be more comfortable.
That's better. isn't it?
- Fuck you.
- [Chuck] Really. fuck me?
[Tara screams]
That's not very nice.
- No!
- [Chuck] How should I
punish you today. huh?
Maybe I should
just kill you now.
[indistinct].
[Tara crying]
- Fuck you!
- [Chuck] Oh. we've
already played that game.
How do you wanna die when
I'm finished with you?
Should I shoot you then?
I sometimes like to give
the girls the choice.
Oh. silent treatment. eh.
Well. the other
choices in the past
have been stabbing.
drowning. choking.
cut up with a chainsaw.
and even death by fire.
These rooms have gotten
really messy over the years.
and that caused an
increase in the price.
I didn't like that. so now
I'm just gonna keep it easy.
Betsy here will be your demise.
- Hey.
Brad. how you doing?
- Everything's great.
Business is good all
thanks to your product.
- I'm glad to hear that.
- That last video have
over 200.000 downloads.
[Senica laughs]
- That's crazy.
you're kidding me.
- 10K.
- Nice and thick.
Thank you.
- I'd love to get
Chainsaw on a podcast.
It would get some major hits
and boost all the video sales.
- Yeah. yeah. no. that's.
that's not gonna happen.
- How about you interview him?
Think about it.
- He's a very private guy. I.
- All right. I get it. I get it.
- [Senica] I don't
think he'd consent.
- You just tell him
keep up the good work.
- Absolutely.
- You wanna grab a beer.
chat up some ideas.
- I'd love to.
but I have a casting
session for the next movie.
Here you go. rain check.
There you are.
- Great. fans are gonna love it.
- Anything for the fans.
- Hey.
- Yeah.
- When can I grab the next one?
- Give me about three weeks.
I'll have the editing done.
- Excellent.
- Later.
[static hissing]
♪ I see distant
Come in.
♪ In the sky and I
- Hey.
What's with that camera?
- [Senica] I thought you said
you were up for anything.
- I don't do porn.
- [Senica] It's just
for my eyes. baby.
- Well. that's gonna
cost a little extra.
♪ Coming to
- [Senica] How does any
extra hundred sound?
- Sounds good.
♪ Is think about you
Is this for me?
♪ I think I'm losing my
- [Senica] Wow.
Mmm. oh. hell yeah.
♪ I'm on the road to sadness
- Are you ready for the
best night of your life?
- [Senica] I sure am.
♪ To save me from this
[static hissing]
[dramatic music]
[Candice coughing]
- [Chuck] Hey.
there sweet cheeks.
[Candice screams]
Look at those eyes.
[Candice groaning]
You're gonna be my
greatest trophy. [laughs]
What's that?
I can't hear you.
[Candice crying]
I'm going to remove this.
if you scream that goes back on.
Shake your head yes
if you understand.
That's a good girl.
- [Candice] Where am I?
- [Chuck] You're new home.
- [Candice] Where's Senica?
- [Chuck] There is no
Senica. you belong to me now.
- Listen. I have a little money.
okay. I can give it to you.
Please let me go and
it will be yours.
- [Chuck] I don't
want your money.
- What do you want then?
- [Chuck] To see what
your insides look like.
- Please.
I will do anything
you want me to.
but please don't kill me.
- [Chuck] You and me we're gonna
have a lot of fun together.
- Okay.
I like to have fun.
Whatever you want.
- [Chuck] I like you.
You smell delicious.
- Trust me. I'll be.
- [Chuck] Do you
like that. Candy?
- [Candice] Yeah.
- [Chuck] You like
it rough do you?
- [Candice] I can.
- [Chuck] Well. you're in luck.
I can be extremely
rough with you.
Do you see that
camera straight ahead?
This would be a
good time for you
to say goodbye to
everyone you love.
I'll make sure
they get the video.
- You are gonna like
me too much to kill me.
- [Chuck] Is that a fact?
- Yeah.
- [Chuck] Well. after I'm done
with my little
jigga booty upstairs
you will be my one and only.
Don't try anything. 'cause
I'm always watching.
[static hissing]
- What are you doing here?
- You can see me?
- Of course.
Can you help me?
- I don't think I can.
- You're part of all
this. aren't you?
- No.
Why would you think that.
- You are here.
- I am. but not
the way you think.
- It's not gonna
do you any good.
- What I can't understand is
how did you open that
window six months ago?
- Six months?
- Who are you talking to?
- You can't see them?
- You're crazy. aren't you.
- I'm not crazy. I'm dead.
- Dead?
- Yes. dead.
- I can see you though.
- Oh. she's finally
come to terms with it.
[Chuck grunting]
- Why can she see
me and not you two?
- I don't know. we don't make
up the rules to this place.
- What did you
mean by six months?
- Time moves faster here.
- What is here?
It's definitely not heaven.
- Oh. shit.
- That's for sure.
could be hell.
- Yeah. reliving this
shit over and over again
sure seems like it.
- Maybe limbo.
- It's not hell. she's real.
We are here to help her.
- There's no way. we have tried.
- There has to be a way.
- I don't know what
you're talking about.
but please. please
help me anyway you can.
- I'm gonna find
a way to help you.
[Carrie laughs]
If you're not gonna help leave.
[Carrie whooshes]
[Kimmy whooshes]
[static hissing]
- Mom. it's me.
I'm being held against
my will in here.
I don't know where I am.
I don't know how I got here.
I just wanna say I'm so
sorry for running away.
I'm so sorry I got
myself into this.
I don't think I'm gonna
make it out alive.
And please tell Dad. Jason.
and Tiffany. I love them.
and I miss them so much.
But I'm not gonna give up.
I'm gonna do whatever
he wants me to
so hopefully he keeps me alive.
- Pick up the phone
call for help.
- 911.
- Hello. you gotta come quick.
you gotta help her.
They're gonna kill her.
- Hello.
- Please.
- [Operator] Is anyone there?
- Can you hear me?
- [Operator] Hello.
- If you can hear me I'm gonna
leave the phone off the hook
so you can trace it.
- Hello.
- Please come quick.
[light dramatic music]
- Who are you?
- It doesn't matter.
We don't have much time.
they need me upstairs.
- Please. untie me.
Thank you.
- I have to go.
they need me upstairs.
- Who?
[suspenseful music]
- What she gonna do. kill
us all. save the day?
- [Chuck] What the
hells going on in here?
Who are you?
[flame whooshes]
- Thank you. thank you.
- [Chuck] How did you do that?
Doesn't matter. you're dead now.
I killed you. didn't I?
Well. I'll make sure I
get it right this time.
- Go ahead. I'm already dead.
[gun bangs]
- [Chuck] What the hell?
- Ladies. he's all yours.
- [Chuck] Fuck
you. fuck you all!
[gun bangs]
Hello. Red.
Ah. it's been awhile
since we seen each other.
[gun bangs]
And what do you think
you're gonna do. Pocahontas?
[gun bangs]
[siren wailing]
- [Officer] You okay?
- They need you in there. go.
- Okay.
- Go.
[gun bangs]
[Chuck laughs]
- [Chuck] Want revenge do you?
Come on. come get some.
[gun bangs]
What's the matter?
You look a little angry.
My sweet little whore.
[gun bangs]
Welcome back.
That's right.
I'm over here.
[screaming]
[gun banging]
Fuck you copper!
[gun bangs]
- Hey. Barry. how
ya doing buddy?
Good. good.
No. things are going
really good out here.
- And what about. Chuck. huh?
What about Chuck?
Oh. yeah. [laughs]
- Yeah. these new girls
are absolutely amazing.
Yeah. some of the best yet.
- What about my blonde ex-wife?
And she's got a
cute daughter too.
I love the daughter.
- Hey. listen about our plans.
gonna have to meet next week
in the city. if that's okay.
Yeah. some things came up so.
- I actually wouldn't
mind being a part of this.
I got money. I can
invest in this.
- All right.
everything sounds good.
Hey. hey. hey. I'm gonna
have to call you back.
I'll call you back!
[engine roaring]
[no dialogue heard]
- Sorry.
I tried.
[screen whooshes]
- [Chuck] Like some
more bitch? [laughs]
[gun bangs]
[Chuck groans]
- This is for my sister.
[wall crackling]
[debris thudding]
[flames crackling]
[ghost whooshes]
- Come with me. I'll
show you the way.
[ghost whooshes]
[Amanda whooshes]
[chainsaw buzzing]
[Amanda screaming]
- [Chuck] Shut the fuck
up or I will cut you.
But not yet.
- No!
- [Chuck] I'm gonna
have some fun first.
- I need to know
who made that film.
- I just told ya I don't know.
- He must have contacted you.
- Yes. by phone.
- So you have the contact info.
- Always from a blocked number.
- Well. how do you
get these DVDs?
- We usually meet up.
- I'm gonna need to
confiscate your cell
so we can track this guy.
- Sure. whatever you need.
- What does the guy look like?
- Our meetings have
been very brief.
- Was he wearing gloves
during the meeting?
- No.
- I need to get my
hands on that DVD.
- I keep all my
originals in my safe.
- I'd like to sit you
down with a sketch artist.
Will you help find
this girl's killer?
- Yes. I wanna help.
[static hissing]
[rock music]
♪ First you sell your soul
♪ Then you sell your flesh
♪ Then you just
give away the rest ♪
♪ You kill to pay the toll
♪ Hide those bodies fresh
♪ Frame your best friend
to pass the test ♪
♪ That's how you make a
living in a living hell ♪
♪ Subjugate your mind
♪ Sacrifice your dreams
♪ The ends will
satisfy the means ♪
♪ The pact has been signed
♪ Never mind the screams
♪ You must keep
feeding the machines ♪
♪ That's how you make a
living in a living hell ♪
♪ First you sell your soul
♪ Then you sell your flesh
♪ Then you just
give away the rest ♪
♪ You kill to pay the toll
♪ Hide those bodies fresh
♪ Frame your best friend
to pass the test ♪
♪ That's how you make a
living in a living hell ♪
♪ Subjugate your mind
♪ Sacrifice your dreams
♪ The ends will
satisfy the means ♪
♪ The pact has been signed
♪ Never mind the screams
♪ You must keep
feeding the machines ♪
♪ That's how you make a
living in a living hell ♪
♪ A living hell